{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	I learned that there is a ton of different areas to get into web development. Although I am pretty far into my own progress into being a full stack developer, I never realized the amount of specialty areas that you can get into. There is also tons of careers that are mixed into other areas such as business management and graphic design. This helps me understand that web design isn\'92t a catch all end to internet based developer. I also was helped in refining my desire to do web developing after all the AI developments surrounding web development. By seeing the many different available paths I am now motivated once again to become a better developer so that I can utilize AI to help me in areas I already know. Ive learned much more of the interactions of all the different languages such as HTML CSS and Javascript throughout this class. It has helped me in reminding some of the capabilities that these languages have. In Week 10 specifically we covered some javascript for the forms site and in doing so showed me more about backend. I went on the provided site and found some more material to read through and understand more. \
Word count:203}